# cs600-F2017-syllabus

This repository contains the syllabus for Computer Science 600 Fall 2017. To
learn more about the course for which this syllabus was created, please
visit the [Computer Science 600 Fall 2017 GitHub
Organization](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-600-F2017). All of
the LaTeX files in this repository are automatically compiled with [Travis
CI](https://travis-ci.org/), thus ensuring that they compile correctly and,
moreover, that a PDF of each assignment is available in the GitHub repository
whenever a commit is tagged for a release.

## Accessing the Syllabus

Since this repository primarily contains LaTeX source code, the Travis CI
configuration for it will compile the source code and automatically release a
PDF of the source code whenever the last commit is associated with a [Git
Tag](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging). As such, this will
cause a PDF file to become available in the listing of the
[Releases](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-600-F2017/cs600-F2017-syllabus/releases)
for this repository. All release numbers in this repository adhere to the
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) standard.

## Problems or Praise

If you have any problems with compiling the syllabus, then please create an
issue in this repository using the "Issues" link at the top of this site. Please
note that this syllabus has been developed and tested on an Ubuntu 16.04
workstation running a recent version of LaTeX that was manually installed using
the TeXLive installer. It is also worth noting that you can also compile the
syllabus using LaTeX development tools such as `latexmk`. If you are unable to
compile the syllabus with your development tools and your execution environment,
then please open a new issue and we will attempt to resolve your concerns.
